Review cloning docs for CQA and foremanctl (#4866)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_prerequisites-for-cloning.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
Ensure that your environment meets the following prerequisites before you can clone your {ProjectServer}.

To clone {ProjectServer}, ensure that you have the following resources available:
Ensure that the target server complies with all the required specifications for a {ProjectServer}:

* A minimal install of {EL} 9 to become the target server.
* The target server is a minimal install of {EL} 9.
Do not install {EL} 9 software groups or third-party applications.
Ensure that your server complies with all the required specifications.
For more information, see {InstallingServerDocURL}preparing-environment-for-{project-context}-server-installation_{project-context}[Preparing environment for {ProjectServer} installation] in _{InstallingServerDocTitle}_.

> * A backup of your {ProjectServer} that you make using the `{foreman-maintain} backup` script.

Reviewer: The backup is the one non-ordinary thing you need compared to a new install, so I'd keep it in.
Or did you drop it here because it's not a property of the system (rather than "something you have")?

Author: I think it's best to drop it because users create that backup as part one of the procedures below. Listing it in prerequisites makes it look like they need the backup before they start following the procedures.

> * You must have a {Project} subscription for the target server.

Reviewer 2: I think the imperatives are unnecessary here.

```suggestion
* The target server is a minimal install of {EL} 9.
Do not install {EL} 9 software groups or third-party applications.
* You have a {Project} subscription for the target server.
```
